## Explanation

To return: true or false, based on whether array has two such elements or not.

Naive solution would be using two loops, keep one element in hand for first loop(and iterate it), and compare with each other element in the array. Small optimization that can be applied is, compare with rest of the elements only in second loop(e.g, if we are in 5th index, compare with elements 6 and onwards). This solution is **O(N<sup>2</sup>)** time(two loops), **O(1)** space even with the optimization.

A better solution would be to sort the array, then place two markers, one at first index and one at last index. Check their sum, and see if it is higher or lower than expected sum. If higher we decrement the last index, if lower we increment first index and check again. Check till the indexes meet or solution is found. This solution is **O(NlogN)** time(sorting), **O(1)** space.

Another good solution would be to again sort the array, iterate through sorted array and run binary search on the elements after the index we are on, to find if solution available. This solution is **O(NlogN)** time(sorting, binary search on N elements both take O(NlogN)), **O(1)** space.

Best solution time-wise would be to iterate through the array, remember the elements that are being traversed using a set or a map and lookup for every element if there is a solution. Set is better since we just have to return true or false, duplicates do not matter. This solution is **O(N)** time(one pass), **O(N)** space(for the set used).
